is everyone there 40 minutes late oh I'm
starving
I knew we were coming here tonight I ate
nothing all day about me I only had one
lunch today so are we expecting the rest
of our party shortly yes they they are
expected presently their arrival is in
the offing but but we do have a table
for two available perhaps you'd be more
comfortable
oh they're common we'll wait right is
Jeff Steph one needn't worry they shan't
be long
it's just that we do have some large
parties wait no one really does have a
stick up one's ass doesn't fun
hello hi it's been an hour the maitre d
has asked if you'd be willing to
reconsider switching to a smaller table
maybe we should just eat now you can't
order until the entire parties arrived
restaurant policy well how about this
another table leaves right but there's
still some food left on their plates
okay what's the restaurants policy about
people eating that it's frowned upon but
it happens
oh man I gotta go no you can't go no no
I can't I can't hold this table on my
own if they ask me to move all caves if
you asked me to stay I'll pee
good evening miss miss miss miss okay
I'm fine I'll move all right you don't
have to manhandle me Claire okay thank
you
Wow
finally you guys made it
keep to the hell down
everybody is ordered I would like to
start the celebration and make a toast
to Phoebe she dropped her sock uh-huh
but no Emma dropped her sock mom tear I
wanted to have lunch with her today she
told me she was out of town prosody she
still has not noticed that the baby sock
is on the ground good toast will you
please get her attention
Oh mommy
oh for God's sake Judy pick up the saw
pick up the sock
I'm sorry was that rude did-did-did my
loser my little outburst blunt the
hideousness that is this evening look I
know you all have a lot going on but all
I wanted to do was have dinner with my
friends on my birthday and you are also
late and you didn't even have the
courtesy to call well it's too late now
look you don't think that's us oh well
this is this is this is not over
hello okay that was Mike Phoebe hi we
are so sorry you are totally right we
are here 100% and we love you and we are
ready to start your birthday celebration
Oh guys that means the world to me huh
okay I'm gonna take off what oh I love
you guys too but no Mike got off work
early wait wait I'm not that not the
kind of girl that just ditches her
friends to be with her boyfriend you
know what I am Judy but